Tell again we start by
entering show and our conclusion
And then we indent and
we bring down our premises
I thought that you don't actually need
to align your justifications it's they
just
need to be there on the line
I will tend to align them early on in
this class
and as things get more complicated as
that becomes more
of a pain and I will probably stop
aligning them
It's up to you how you want to do it
We need to get not pee we need
to find a way to get not pee
But there is no way to get not
being one step we're going to need to
take two steps to complete this
derivation
The first step is to notice
that from 3 and 4
We can get not
Q by modus tollens
You're not seeing that remember modus
tollens
says if you've got a conditional
And then you look at its consequent
this case are and then your other
premise is the negation of that
consequent
so not are then you're allowed to
infer the negation of the antecedent
though
not cute that's what we've done here
That gives us line 5 to work with
in the sentence online 5 is not cute
If we look
at line 2
Inline 5 we again have what
we need to apply modus tollens
This time it's modus tollens lines 2
and 5 align5 is the negation of
the consequent of line to modus
tollens allows us to infer the
negation of the antecedent of line
And now we are done online 6 we have not
pee not pee is what we were trying to
prove
not pee is what we set out to show
And so we need to enter our q.e.d. line
So we out dent and we type in
DD Line 6 because Line 6 is
where we got what we need it
That's it